Uncertainty is starting to seep in at work.

My manager has dropped a bombshell that he's leaving the company. It's pretty
shitty though, he was originally hired to grow the tech team here, as well as
to fix the stuff with how the engineering side is managed, and he's been getting
us into the right track.

I often feel like the tech team on this part of the company is underappreciated.
We essentially acquired a Manila-based software company with a comparison engine
IP. They actually handle all the engineering.

My job is to represent said company here. There's only like four of us here,
where Manila has 32 devs.

Anyways. There's a lot of things that has been happening throughout this
company, and tbh it's been a confusing past few weeks.

Guy from Manila came here to do "assessment", ended up letting one of our tech
guy go. After that they said we'll be "assigned a mentor". During that mentoring
they did brief about the future of the company, but nothing about our concrete
plans. They're just saying that we're creating an "agile team" here.

My manager asked if they have a concrete plan for us after mentoring, he said
they don't. Either that, or they have one but not telling him. Plus, he's being
forced to take another role that is not up to his profile so he feels like he's
being "driven out". Hearing from the perspective of the guy who was let go
didn't give me much hope either.

When I said my job is to "represent said company here", I mean I help them
fullfill the mundane requests that we've been having e.g. updating the website,
sending out newsletters, y'know, basic stuff. I expected to do neat things and
stuff, but then here I am doing all these boring stuff.

It's like I'm getting hired to play football, but they assigned me to trim the
stadium grass instead. What's worse is, this all happened as I was just getting
my permanent employment contract.

So now I'm stuck doing this "mentoring" thing that I don't even believe is for
mentoring at all. They're probably just putting us on watch again. Manila has
control again now, and it sucks seeing what my manager has been fighting hard
for will probably fade into obscurity. And this left me questioning my future in
this company for once.

Oh, I've been saying he's my "manager". That's only because I report to him
directly. He's actually the VP of Product and Technology.

I know him personally, and we've talked for a while before he pulled me into
this job. He did say if we ever get to move to the company he'll be a part of,
he'll give us recommendation, and that he "wouldn't have hired you guys if you
weren't [skilled]".

Oh well, I guess I'll see how long I'll survive here. Once I started to feel
like I'm being driven out as well,

2017-09-11